README.md, before:

# Strappy - Vagrant project bootstrapper

## Why

I wrote this shell script because I got tired of copy pasting Vagrantfile configurations, making provisioning directory’s etc… I’m currently working on multiple projects and I noticed that it took me some time (not much but enough ;) ) to set-up a Vagrant development workflow.

## So how does it work?

Strappy is a simple shell script that runs from the command line. What it basically does is scanning a pre-determined bootstrap directory for vagrant projects. If Strappy finds any projects inside the given strappy project directory it will ask the user to make a choice which bootstrap project s/he wants to bootstrap. During the bootstrapping Strappy will ask the user for some simple questions in order to determine what the user actually wants.

The end result is a fully bootstrapped vagrant project within seconds!

## Setting it up

First of all download the strappy.sh file and place it in a directory of your choosing. I would recommend placing it inside the /usr/local/bin folder, mainly because it’s already defined in your PATH, so you can run it globally inside your system without constantly specifying the absolute path to it.
Then make it executable by running chmod u+x strappy.sh

Second step is creating a Vagrant bootstrap project folder on your system. It doesn’t matter where it is located, because Strappy will ask for it anyhow. Make sure you create a „strapps” folder within it. Inside this folder you will have to place all your Vagrant bootstrap projects.

Commit message:

Added a important note to the readme file

README.md, after:

# Strappy - Vagrant project bootstrapper

## Important

Strappy has not reached a stable release. There is much to be done and furthermore I only tested it on OSX 10.9.1.

## Why

I wrote this shell script because I got tired of copy pasting Vagrantfile configurations, making provisioning directory’s etc… I’m currently working on multiple projects and I noticed that it took me some time (not much but enough ;) ) to set-up a Vagrant development workflow.

## So how does it work?

Strappy is a simple shell script that runs from the command line. What it basically does is scanning a pre-determined bootstrap directory for vagrant projects. If Strappy finds any projects inside the given strappy project directory it will ask the user to make a choice which bootstrap project s/he wants to bootstrap. During the bootstrapping Strappy will ask the user for some simple questions in order to determine what the user actually wants.

The end result is a fully bootstrapped vagrant project within seconds!

## Setting it up

First of all download the strappy.sh file and place it in a directory of your choosing. I would recommend placing it inside the /usr/local/bin folder, mainly because it’s already defined in your PATH, so you can run it globally inside your system without constantly specifying the absolute path to it.
Then make it executable by running chmod u+x strappy.sh

Second step is creating a Vagrant bootstrap project folder on your system. It doesn’t matter where it is located, because Strappy will ask for it anyhow. Make sure you create a „strapps” folder within it. Inside this folder you will have to place all your Vagrant bootstrap projects.
